Add Mastercard debits (#202)
clearhaus/gateway-api-docs: website/content/gateway/api_reference/resources/debits/debits.md

Information about sender and recipient is required for debits under certain circumstances to be compliant with card scheme rules. See [Sender information](#sender_information) and [Recipient information](#recipient_information).

{{% notice %}}

> **Notice:** Only merchants with selected Merchant Category Codes (MCCs) and assigned Business Application Identifiers (BAIs) (VISA) or Transaction Type Indicator (TTI) (Mastercard) are able to process a debit; namely exactly those that will result in the debit being a Visa or Mastercard Account Funding Transaction (AFT).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Notice:** Only merchants with selected Merchant Category Codes (MCCs) and assigned Business Application Identifiers (BAIs) (VISA) or Transaction Type Indicators (TTIs) (Mastercard) are able to process a debit; namely exactly those that will result in the debit being a Visa or Mastercard Account Funding Transaction (AFT).
```

For consistency with the BAI part of the sentence.

Reviewer: Alternative:

```suggestion
**Notice:** Only merchants with selected Merchant Category Codes (MCCs) and assigned Business Application Identifier (BAI) (VISA) or Transaction Type Indicator (TTI) (Mastercard) are able to process a debit; namely exactly those that will result in the debit being a Visa or Mastercard Account Funding Transaction (AFT).
```

Perhaps this is actually better.

> **Notice:** Only merchants with selected Merchant Category Codes (MCCs) and assigned Business Application Identifiers (BAIs) (VISA) or Transaction Type Indicators (TTIs) (Mastercard) are able to process a debit; namely exactly those that will result in the debit being a Visa or Mastercard Account Funding Transaction (AFT).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Notice:** Only merchants with selected Merchant Category Codes (MCCs) and assigned Business Application Identifiers (BAIs) (VISA) or Transaction Type Indicators (TTIs) (Mastercard) are able to process a debit; namely exactly those that will result in the debit being a Visa Account Funding Transaction (AFT) or Mastercard Funding Transaction (FT).
```
As we are trying to use the scheme terms, I will suggest we use Account Funding Transaction for Visa and Funding Transaction for Mastercard debits.
